face fire time locked on him man down
man down
come on Fox one target lost where are
you going soldier return to your post or
you will be shot are you going AWOL
soldier do not leave the field of battle
the enemy has taken an outpost we lost
an outpost to the enemy
our position is under attack enemy is
advancing stop yakking and get off this
neck enemy weakening key positions over
we're taking casualties over we're
running low on reinforcements losing men
left and right do you copy
we've regained control good work men
control restored well done we're losing
this battle start fighting or I'll find
someone who can
the enemy is in control work harder
soldiers position cleared and under
control
all clear position under control out
we've lost control of an outpost outpost
is being overrun you've been recommended
for an award you've been recommended for
promotion you have received a promotion
recommendation you have been voted out
of the battlefield you have been voted
out of the commander position I must
inform you that you have been demoted
from the rank of commander artillery is
condition red artillery is under attack
negative artillery destroyed negative
artillery is out of commission shot over
artillery firing artillery has been
repaired over artillery support restored
over Roger on artillery strike over
affirmative stand by for artillery
mission over denied artillery barrage
underway artillery strike tonight
mission currently underway
artillery strike denied artillery tubes
compromised require repair we need
immediate repair of artillery do you
copy a new commander is required calling
for a new commander camera link
establishing camera deployed link
establishing new commander is on duty
new commander reporting for duty this
support is currently not available as
there is no commander on your team
greetings commander welcome to duty
commander attack this coordinate hit
this position do you copy
defend this coordinate hold this map
coordinate over set demolitions at these
coordinates get demolitions to this
position over move to this position move
your men to these coordinates mind these
coordinates get repairs to this position
squad leader artillery is available
artillery your area good work squad go
squad go you're the finest squad I ever
set eyes on squad divide up and form two
squads you have your orders soldier
proceed as ordered soldier you are the
worst squad I've ever had the misfortune
to see my grandmother could do better
next time try following my orders sorry
squad leader resupply available on your
request supplies at your position
squad leader UAV support is available
satellite scan trailer compromised
require repair we need immediate repair
the satellite scan trailer do you copy
initiating satellite scan stand by for
satellite transmission commencing
satellite transmission satellite scan
commencing negative satellite
repositioning still in progress
stand by negative awaiting satellite
transmission window stand by satellite
coming down in three two one satellite
down ending satellite transmission in
three two one
transmission cut satellite trailer is
conditioned read the satellite trailer
is down negative satellite trailer
destroyed negative satellite scan is out
of commission satellite scan trailer has
been repaired over satellite scan
support restored over enemy satellite
scan detected hostile satellites
scanning our position you have a squad
now lead it congratulations on making
squad leader squad leader assigned
report in new squad leader assign squad
leader has not responded your squad
requires a new leader you need a new
leader to your squad Roger on the Supply
Drop over standby for Supply Drop over
supply aircraft not ready supply
aircraft is not refueled
over affirmative supplies are air
dropping now over Roger that
be advised of a Supply Drop in your
sector over negative a weight refuel of
supply aircraft over negative supply
aircraft not ready to deploy
negative on the Supply Drop over Supply
Drop is denied do you copy UAV in
position and sending UAV has been
launched request UAV trailer repairs
UAV trailer is under attack UAV trailer
is taking damage
UAV trailer destroyed UAV trailer
repaired UAV unavailable trailer
destroyed UAV offline UAV is being go on
fuel transmission ending UAV
transmitting on this mark UAV online and
transmitting roger UAV deploying
overhead UAB underway to your position
over UAV already airborne request denied
negative UAB already airborne over UAV
surveillance request denied
UAV support denied over negatory
affirmative I read you sorry sorry my
bad well done thanks hey thanks much
appreciate it get in requesting
ammunition I need a medic here
requesting a pickup how about some help
over here
we need repairs here this bridge is
destroyed soldier enemy a a vehicle
spotted enemy APC spotted enemy boat
spotted enemy car spotted enemy forces
spotted enemy helicopter spotted enemy
infantry spotted enemy Jets spotted
hostile mine spotted over enemy mines
spotted enemy sniper spotted enemy armor
spotted enemy wheelbarrow spotted ah
abandon ship fell out follow me men get
out go go go wait wait